Overview
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by GCBUYING. In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post supplementary privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information.

Information we collect and how we use them
We understand that in the course of delivering our numerous products/ services to you via the net, we will come across certain information pertaining to your good self which, to our mind, are purely personal and may even be classified information but for the existing relationship which dictates that you shall either fill them in and/or divulge same in order to be linked to our site. GCBUYING will handle the information in this manner:

Information you provide
When you sign up for any GCBUYING Service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). We typically do not store this information and when we do, we maintain the data in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.

 Log Information
When you access GCBUYING, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.
User communications
When you send email or other communications to GCBUYING, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.

 

 Other sites
This Privacy Policy applies to GCBUYING only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed or linked from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. GCBUYING processes personal information for the purposes described

Data policy

GCBUYING  Data Protection Policy refers to our commitment to treat information of employees, customers, stakeholders and other interested parties with the utmost care and confidentiality. With this policy, we ensure that we gather, store and handle data fairly, transparently and with respect towards individual rights.

 Scope
This policy refers to all parties (employees, customers, suppliers, Merchants etc.) who provide any amount of information to us. Who is covered under the Data Protection Policy? Employees of our company and its subsidiaries must follow this policy. Contractors, consultants, partners and any other external entity are also covered. Generally, our policy refers to anyone we collaborate with or acts on our behalf and may need occasional access to data.

Policy elements
As part of our operations, we need to obtain and process information. This information includes any offline or online data that makes a person identifiable such as names, addresses, usernames and passwords, digital footprints, photographs, social security numbers, financial data etc. Our company collects this information in a transparent way and only with the full cooperation and knowledge of interested parties. Once this information is available to us, the following rules apply. Our data will be:

Accurate and kept up-to-date
Collected fairly and for lawful purposes only.
Processed by the company within its legal and moral boundaries
 

Our data will not be:

Communicated informally • Stored for more than a specified amount of time
Transferred to organizations, states or countries that do not have adequate data protection policies
Distributed to any party other than the ones agreed upon by the data’s owner (exempting legitimate requests from law enforcement authorities)
In addition to ways of handling the data the company has direct obligations towards people to whom the data belongs. Specifically, we must:

Let people know which of their data is collected
Inform people about how we’ll process their data
Inform people about who has access to their information
Have provisions in cases of lost, corrupted or compromised data
Allow people to request that we modify, erase, reduce or correct data contained in our databases
Action
To exercise data protection, we’re committed to:

Restrict and monitor access to sensitive data
 

Establish data protection practices (document shredding, secure locks, data encryption, frequent backups, access authorization etc.)
 